# CCA-project : Subdivision algorithms and real root isolation
Simon Sepiol-Duchemin, Joshua Setia

## About the project
The goal of this project is to implement a fully optimized bisection algorithm that isolates the real roots of univariate polynomials with real coefficients. To learn more about the conception of this algorithm, you can view the project report and presentation slides located in the folder */Reports*.


## Compilation and Execution    
To compile the project (from root directory) :  
```bash
make
```
- The above command will compile all .c files of the project, and provide one executable per files containing a main() function.    
- All executables will be located in the root directory.  

You can also compile and create a single executable from a file *fileToExecute.c* :
```bash
make fileToExecute
```

You can then execute it with the following command (from root directory) :
```bash
./fileToExecute
```
Executables can be removed with the following command :
```bash
make clean
```

## File/Folders organization
```
.  
├── DATA  
│   ├── FixedCoeffSize_ChangingDegree  
│   ├── FixedDegree_ChangingCoeffSize
|   └── Precomputation_DivConq
├── README.md  
├── Reports  
└── src  
|   ├── EfficiencyTests  
|   │   └── Results  
|   ├── HeaderFiles  
|   ├── Implementations  
|   └── ValidityTests  
└── makefile
```

- main() functions are only in files located in folders EfficiencyTests and ValidityTests.  
- Results folder contains the result datas of tests.   
- Graphs are created with a python script located in folder EfficiencyTests, and should be generated directly in .c main() functions (not from terminal).
- DATA contains randomely generated polynomials that can be reused for future tests

### Polynomial database for tests
The DATA folder is a database of large polynomials. Since the files from the generated database are heavy, we chose not to keep them in the remote repository. In consequence the **database must be generated in local repository** once the remote one is cloned. It can be generated by executing the file *polyRandomGeneration.c*. When pushing local changes, the files from the database will be ignored thanks to *.gitignore*.
